docs: improve recommended reading section (#208)
HonkingGoose/git-gosling: docs/further_resources/recommended_reading.md

## How to use `git send-email`

> Projects like Git and the Linux kernel use an email based workflow instead of a pull request based workflow.

Author: ```suggestion
Projects like Git and the Linux kernel use an e-mail based workflow instead of a pull request based workflow.
```

I don't cover the e-mail workflow in this guide, as I want to focus on the Git CLI and the GitHub interface.

The `git-send-email` site has a lot of good information on sending patches via e-mail.

> Go to the [git-send-email.io](https://git-send-email.io/) website to get started.

Author: ```suggestion
Go to [git-send-email.io](https://git-send-email.io/) to get started.
```
